it took just 6 weeks for the us-built
humanitarian Pier to fail on May 15th US
Navy ship sailed from the Israeli Port
of ashad to Gaza as these exclusive Al
jazer images show these are warships and
Logistics vessels responsible for
connecting the floating structure to
gaza's shore on a Causeway in the shake
Alan area the pier became operational on
May 17th supported by two ships sitting
about 9 km off the coast the images show
two US ships and a smaller one intended
to transport trucks onto the pier but
problems arose almost immediately 8 Days
Later high waves overwhelmed the pier
over that period just 29 trucks
delivered 99 shipments into Gaza
publicly available Logistics details
show US Navy personnel constructing the
pier us officials said their mission was
also to protect Ed armed with machine
guns and armored vehicles US forces also
installed an air defense system and
attached it to the Eastern side of the
pier when the pier collapsed they had to
dismantle the system as well in the
meantime 2 million Palestinians continue
to suffer with not nearly enough Aid
getting into Gaza by land air or
sea Wilson dard Al
jazer make sure to subscribe subcribe to
our channel to get the latest news from
Al jazer